---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6: Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG
date: 2021-05-14
labels: 
  - Assingment3
---

 1.  Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)
Our system is an online convenience store, where you can buy different drinks and snacks.
2. Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
	
3. Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
I am most proud of our e-commerce concept.
4. Describe what you are least happy with your system:
	I am least happy with the design of our invoice page.
5. How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
	This assignment required us to use sessions and cookies to remember users and to create  a shopping cart rather than going straight to invoice.
6. When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
	We went to google to try to find a solution, and if we still had trouble, we contacted professor Port for guidance.
7. Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
	I think that working together worked well in this assignment.
8. Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
	I think that when we each worked on different parts of the program, that did not work very well, becasue we ended up having to go back and see how other parts of the code worked.
9. What did you learn from doing this assignment?
	I learned to ask for help and start on tedious projects early.
10. If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
	I would probably start earlier and ask for help when I got stuck sooner.
11. Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
a: 50, b:10, c:40
12. Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)
60% Victoria, 40% we both spent a lot of time just trying to get our code to work, Victoria definitely did most of the work, making the design of the site and it being based on her Assignment1.
